Add "plural" support (#64)
yiisoft/translator: README.md

* [translator-formatter-intl](https://github.com/yiisoft/translator-formatter-intl) - Intl (i18n) formatter

### Simple formatter

> [Simple formatter](docs/en/simple-formatter.md) is used for trivial cases when only English language is presented and 
> message sources are not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Simple formatter](docs/en/simple-formatter.md) is used for when the English language is used as message keys, there's no actual translation and message sources are not required.
```
